Choices: Prologue by kate u/v kaia 


How does one begin to explain things that are so far removed from programmed 
thinking in such a way as to even begin using words to say it let alone expect acceptance 
of it? Where does one start to outline the mental traps and pitfalls lain out so clearly 
once one begins this so called journey of truth and self? How do you tell a programmed 
Christian or any other religious zealot that they're actually flowing energy to the very 
dark forces they purport to loathe? Benevolence doesn't come to you in robes, uniforms 
and pageantry, it comes completely naked, with nothing to hide. It doesn't serve itself 
first and then claim to be benevolent because it shares only table scraps from the food 
you provided. That is the realm of malevolence, deceit, control and, quite simply, purest 
evil, the mirror and antithesis of live. 


And what of those that serve this darkest of intentions, what are we to say to expose 
them when the vastness of humanity has been duped for so very long under shrouds of 
secrecy and deliberate misinformation? How easy is it for someone that actually has 
benevolent intentions, going along to get along in the mother of all tricks, matrix, to 
accept truth that flies 180 degrees in the face of their pre-programmed realities? How 
does one try to expose the very program that is in full force and effect controlling their 
minds to defend this very program with some, literally to the death? Truth be known, 
you don't. You simply plant the seeds that only true spirit hears and walk away. 


It took a while but | no longer have the concern | used to for these most unwilling to 
hear truth beings where, if it is their wish to fall, | let them. It matters not to me who 
they are in relation to me as | learned in the contrast that | mattered not to them 
anyway. Live and let die after all. It was this very concern on my part that lead to the 
most painful of lessens in order that | may finally see this unconditional truth. My value 
to humanity will be measured in deeds, not material stuff that is the norm for those 
caught in these webs of deception. 


If they are simply too blind to see, it is not up to me to pry their eyes open, it is up to 
them if they are meant to and ultimately worthy of this most difficult of spiritual tasks. It 
is quite the trap here in that we all have lived this physical existence, running on 
information devised to keep the mind, versus the heart, in control of the reality. | see the 
system worshipers and enablers in the same way | remember a kid that loved to beat 
frogs to death with a dog brush, slowly. Fortunately, | never witnessed this pure evil but 
rather only sickened by it. 


This is the same mindset the majority of our supposed law keepers act in whether they 
are robed, suited or uniformed; it's all the same psychotic beast to me. | see anyone who 
allows or creates suffering of another in the same light as the Roman guards relentlessly 

flogging and whipping the christ in "The Passion of the Christ. The religions have done 
well to encapsulate a state of being in a singular meatstick that is somehow coming to 
"save them". Honestly, if you experienced that level of spiritual and physical flogging, 
would you be so willing to let go? This was and is the real lesson that was being shown 
yet the supposed duped religio-chosis chosenitus types will be the first ones to condemn 
you, whip you, steal what they can from you and, in the end justifier, blame you for all 
their woes. 


This is exactly what one can expect from those you are trying to awaken to this lesson to 
set them free. | have learned that slaves love to be slaves. It requires no courage to be 
one, just the same as a slave, one must not piss the master off too much. A slave must 
go along to get along or get whipped or executed if they don't. Regardless, every slave 

must be a willing participant in their own slavery lest the system fails completely. A slave 

must be well conditioned with physical fear in order for it to be controlled, so well- 
conditioned that they do these things gleefully thinking that they are actually free. While 
one master exists, so must a slave exist also. 


This program is easy to spot and it's as simple as being a tad disgruntled because 
someone is stealing from you and have the nerve to tell you that that is "normal" and 
that you must accept this. This is why the illusion of an external government exists at all. 
With governments come their police, their militaries, their robber barons, their lords, 


their mayors and all manner of psychopathy to keep a slave in order. It only works 
because of the lack of responsibility most lack and act in the typical childlike manner 
they do. The supposed governments on this planet are just the replacement of your 
mummy and daddy's in this planetary game of "let's play house" on a glow-ball scale. 


As | recall, | don't remember Henry Ford going to any MTO to get a license to drive his 
first car and nor do | remember Orville and Wilbur Wright doing likewise; they simply did 
their thing. Humanity reminds me of the child in school putting up their hand to ask 
permission to pee as if the psychopathic control indoctrinated teachers controlled that 
most basic of natural laws; your body decides if it has to pee, nothing else. | have 
exposed too many things on too many occasions regarding what feigned power these 
"behind the curtain" wizards actually have and it totals out, and after rounding it out as 
well, to an absolute "0". Nada, zilch, nothing, zero, sweet fuck all, period. So controlled 
are so many that the mere mention of truth has them pulling out their cat-o-nine tails in 
fear, drooling with glee, to whip you and all the while using pre-programmed justifier 
"reasons" as to why they must. 


Truth shorts out the program and the program is not happy. | have wasted countless 
hours with so many, one on one, to expose this fact as true and why | don't even bother 
anymore. You cannot negotiate with insanity and you cannot reason with liars and 
thieves. This is the insanity of those still messing about in the legal romper rooms like 
freemen, sovereign citizens. Sorry patriot types, guns don't solve shit either and only 
lends itself to deeper and darker responsibilities of possibly killing a spirit filled human 
versus an already spiritually dead "bio-Borg". Are you aware enough to spot the 
difference yet? If one's emotions control their mind, that ability is blinded because only 
in a neutral observer position can you begin to even understand the difference, let alone 
spot it. 


Humanity is rife with dead bio-computers, soulless and empty but they look and act like 
"normal" human beings. This is why | know the supposed "world leaders" are nothing 
but these walking dead bio-borg without any sense of spirituality because if they were 

otherwise, wars would not exist nor would money, religion, politics, courts, police, 


militaries or anything resembling this system infesting our world around us. The instant 
any politician or the like calls for war and stands front row and center on the front line as 
the first to die, | may start to reconsider after they're seen to not be another patsy. 


It is my wish that | can move hearts enough to stand in truth, against all Oz, in defiance 
of their own programmed minds. It is my wish to show others that if one is hurt, we are 
all hurt in kind. Most of the talking heads of "humanity" sell wonderful snake oil with 
pre-scripted scenes designed to lull humanity into thinking that they and only they know 
what's best for everyone as the next fear porn scene flashes across the TV screens. They 
paint one side as evil and ramp up the "how good and free" you are and before you 
know it, you're marching down the main street of a city claiming victory after the 
murder of millions waving one flag or another that | see as unworthy to wipe even 

Satan's ass. 


Unfortunately, the cold, hard truth is not easy to see and even more difficult to accept 
let alone stand in. It requires one to stand in defiance of all things rammed down your 
gullets as normal society where the more easily managed slaves are grabbing their 

pitchforks, whips and guns in the same way as the mobs in the aforementioned movie. 

I've wanted to do a rite up on this movie and | suppose that is what this is. For those that 
have seen it, how sickened were you observing humanity represented as a whole in this 
allegory. Kudos to Mel Gibson for making this so gut wrenchingly excruciating to watch 

and literally experience. 


This is the same gut wrenchingly excruciatingly painful experience every truth seeker has 
had to endure, mostly from the ones closest to you, your family, your friends and those 
that serve the systems of their own slavery. | think the toughest part about this, is simply 
just knowing this. You have been left for dead, ridiculed, hated, stolen from, targeted for 
rumours, lied to and lied about and so on. You have been hung by those you tried to 
help. you have been abandoned by those you love and the only question | know you 
likely asked was "why?". But you already knew that answer and it lay in the striving for 
unconditional love which is the no compromising where matters of truth, pure truth and 

heart are concerned. 


You did so and do so because you know no other way but that most lonely of roads that 
few find and even fewer walk. | have come across so many people that started out on 
this road but dropped off to oblivion the instant their own fears smothered the truth 
they claimed to seek. That is what | call conditional truth in that "I will stand in truth 
until it costs me or doesn't suit my own selfish desires and vengeance upon others". 

That is where I see most, if not all those in the system and freeman psychosis. The 
insanity of that is the same as going up against a tank with a nerf gun. 


No, truth is not a convenience or a means to "winning", it is the only thing that destroys 
all system programs and their masters. Truth is the ongoing evolution of self-manifest 
spirit, a journey of purification that separates the wheat from the slugs that feed on it. In 
it, no one can control you, manipulate you or, More importantly, parasite your living field 
which is their only source of life. This is why the re-spawns-ability of self far excedes/X- 
seeds anything these psychotic aspects of a dead consciousness can muster because 
without you, they ARE dead and they know it. All this poison needs to keep it alive and 
flowing is your agreement, your spiritual contract of simple acceptance and nothing 
more. Yes, it is that easy. 


That where a-ten-shun flows, energy (inner G/hex) G-o's(hexes creation) so have a look 
at how attention you literally pay to this poisoned Sheti. Sheti is a term | use for dead, 
soulless bio-Borg meatsticks, the mimics of humanity, the copy-rites. | have watched, 

counted and measured all the Judas's in my own life in the contrasts of pain and 
gratitude where those with souls know not what they do due to this spiritual and mental 
infestation of an aptly named cyst-em so | know this. Those Sheti however are the 
doomed and the banished from consciousness, never to return. In short, they've had 
their thousand years to find their own souls and failed. | mean seriously, how many kicks 
at the can does one need to get it? | offer the same mercy offered me fully in your 
mirrors, where no quarter was offered, nor shall quarter be given. Those that make the 
rules are now compelled to obey them and there is, after all, only one and that puppy is 
golden. 


They won't get it because they can't. they are the last bastions of evil, soulless, without 
remorse and in the golden rule, their wish is now granted and the law of truth cannot be 
more beautiful than that. How do i know this? It's easy because never a peep gets 
returned to anything i send to the dead of our realm because they can't answer. Truth 
and responsibility CANNOT be mimicked, copied or manifested from a dead 
consciousness because it is DEAD. Why do you think their system is one based entirely 
on dead things like corpse (dead body), military corps, corp-orations, cops (silent/no R 
thus no spirit breath creation ability), and made to sound exactly the same as couer 

which is heart and core which is the true center. 


When you are part of their corps, your heart is sonically spelled DEAD, literally and ALL 
your creation ability is no longer yours, wilfully given to another in full knowing or 
ignorance of knowing. | am only concerned with those that are ignorant of this truth 
where the rest are doomed to non-existence anyway by their own choice. | will not 
trespass free willed choice by anyone or anything. If you wish love upon all, it reflects 
back perfectly, if you wish harm on one, you wish it on all accordingly and why the 
insanity of those playing nerf balls with tanks are only manifesting their own doom as 
well. No, the truth seekers road is not an easy one given the decrepit nature of this 
world and humanity as a whole but it is the only road out of the long dead Rome and all 
its evil servants. 


Can you handle this road? Are you willing to once and for all stand in full knowing who 
and what you are? Can you endure the mindless slings and arrows from the walking 
asleep and walking dead alike? Are you strong enough to stand in defiance of all the evil 
this world propagates? Do the children half way round the world matter as much as your 
perceived own? The sheer lunacy of claiming to own a child, any child is exactly the 
same mirror of why children are enslaved in the first place. Take the time and spot the 
spiritual contract here that binds all children and why i see all living spiritual humanity as 
just another point of M/E with all the Sheti/shite removed once and for all. Start 
thanking all your religious friends for keeping the dream of wars alive because without 
their zealotry and hatred of other religions, this could not be possible. 


Thank them for so vigorously whipping you while you were down because you rose from 
their shite infested manure spreading. Give them a great big hug for worshipping their 
Satanic masters and serving the beast so diligently because in that contrast, you found 

the true meaning of the state of being called Christ consciousness, the same thing many 

ancient masters taught and were murdered for. Have them look at themselves as the 
mobs calling for the release of Barabbas, a known murderer while the messenger of true 
consciousness gets flailed and nailed to death. Dare them to see their respective clergy 
as the very same Pharisees and scribes running from the cruci-fiction knowing full well 
the measure of what it cost them; their souls. That moment of realization of truth that 
they have long denied to serve their personal lusts and greed comes upon them like a 
thief in the night. 


It will be in that moment that they will realize how far they fell and to equally realize 
that they must also endure the same cruci-fictions that we have to find our way home. | 
would actually feel pity on them had | not spent years and countless pains endured to 
get this message to them which fell on deaf ears until the doors to the true arc finally 
closes, circuit complete. | cannot pity those that time after time inflict pain, showing no 
remorse, no compassion as they went busily about their days looking for new targets to 
satiate their sadistic lusts. They are the child rapists, the master thieves, the deceived 
deceivers of themselves. 


They are the pinnacles of this society, the so called elites, the money whores, the 
religion whores and all manner of those claiming to lead society and the blight upon 
consciousness itself. They are your clergy, your mayors, your police chiefs and captains, 
your rank and file politicians, your duped teachers and professors who spew the well 
indoctrinated and carefully cultivated shite empowering the reality of this loathsome 
planet's systems. No, | choose truth at all costs. | will not bed this whore nor will | feed it 
one single agreement on any level where this beast has marked itself for execution long 
ago foretold and now coming to bear. 


These are the choices we all must make and ultimately stand in if we are to rid this place 
of the poisons of a corrupted mind, heart and soul. If you are not for truth absolute 


then, by definition, you are against it. | continue telling everyone that this road is not 
easy nor should it be. It is, however, simple with its rewards and consequences mirrored 
in equal and opposite singularity where choosing the physical temptations in a body 
stuck reality or one of infinite spiritual existence. 


| choose the latter where this physical reality is merely another step to climb back 
home. This is the difference between re-psi-culling in the mare-ego-round until you have 
lost all sense of soul or pushing through the last contractions and rebirthing your own 
reality removing these psychos and their servant mini-ions from consciousness 
altogether. | am the master of my fate, the captain of my soul as so perfectly stated by 
the WEH..William Ernest Henley...yes, William, there is only one WEH/way after all....I'll 
share the poem | live by here as well called "Invictus". This poem was still hanging on my 
door when | went back home two weeks after being kidnapped by Sheti minions and 
served as a reminder and inspiration during the 28 days this filth held me in 
solitary....Hey Humpty...if you can't handle the truth, then get off my fucking wall....easy 
peasy, mwahs and love, ka-te 


Out of the night that covers me, 
Black as the pit from pole to pole, 
| thank whatever gods may be 


For my unconquerable soul. 


In the fell clutch of circumstance 
| have not winced nor cried aloud. 
Under the bludgeonings of chance 


My head is bloody, but unbowed. 


Beyond this place of wrath and tears 


Looms but the horror of the shade, 
And yet the menace of the years 


Finds, and shall find, me unafraid. 


It matters not how strait the gate, 
How charged with punishments the scroll, 
| am the master of my fate: 


| am the captain of my soul. 


