Revelations By the Primes of Oz Knot Eve-n's as arranged by 
emma swan 


1:1The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things 
which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John: 


1:3 Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those 
things which are written therein: for the time is at hand. 


1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced 
him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen. 


1:9 | John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and 
patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the 
testimony of Jesus Christ. 


1:13 And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a 
garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. 


2:3 And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not 
fainted. 


2:9 | know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and | know the blasphemy 
of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan. 


2:11 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that 
overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death. 


23 And | will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that | am he which 
searcheth the reins and hearts: and | will give unto every one of you according to your works. 


2:27 And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to 
shivers: even as | received of my Father. 


2:29 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 


3:1 And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven 
Spirits of God, and the seven stars; | know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and 
art dead. 


3:7 And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he 
that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, 
and no man openeth; 


3:11 Behold, | come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown. 


3:17 Because thou sayest, | am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and 
knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked: 


3:13 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 


4:1 After this | looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice which | 
heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come up hither, and | will shew 
thee things which must be hereafter. 


4:3 And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone: and there was a rainbow 
round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald. 


4:7 And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a 
face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle. 


4:10 The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him 
that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying, 


5:1 And | saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the 
backside, sealed with seven seals. 


5:3 And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, 
neither to look thereon. 


9 And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals 
thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and 
tongue, and people, and nation; 


5:10 And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth. 


6:1 And | saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and | heard, as it were the noise of 
thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see. 


6:7 And when he had opened the fourth seal, | heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come 
and see. 


6:10 And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not 
judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth? 


6:13 And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, 
when she is shaken of a mighty wind. 


6:17 For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand? 


7:1 And after these things | saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding 
the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on 
any tree. 


7:3 Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of 
our God in their foreheads. 


7:9 After this | beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and 
kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with 
white robes, and palms in their hands; 


8:3 And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given 
unto him much incense, that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden 
altar which was before the throne. 


8:9 And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third 
part of the ships were destroyed. 


8:11 And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became 
wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter. 


9:7 And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads 
were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men. 


9:11 And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the 
Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon. 


9:19 For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like unto serpents, 
and had heads, and with them they do hurt. 


10:1 And | saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a 
rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire: 


10:3 And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders 
uttered their voices. 


10:7 But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery 
of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets. 


10:9 And | went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, 
Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as 
honey. 


11:3 And | will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two 
hundred and threescore days, clothed in sackcloth. 


11:17 Saying, We give thee thanks, O Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; 
because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned. 


12:7 And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the 
dragon fought and his angels, 


12:13 And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman 
which brought forth the man child. 


12:17 And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of 
her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ. 


13:1 And | stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven 
heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of 
blasphemy. 


13:7 And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power 
was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations. 


13:9 If any man have an ear, let him hear. 


13:10 He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the sword must be 
killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints. 


14:9 And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast 
and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, 


15:1 And | saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having the seven last 
plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God. 


15:7 And one of the four beasts gave unto the seven angels seven golden vials full of the wrath 
of God, who liveth for ever and ever. 


16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a 
dead man: and every living soul died in the sea. 


16:7 And | heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are 
thy judgments. 


16:13 And | saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of 
the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. 


16:19 And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great 
Babylon came in remembrance before God, to give unto her the cup of the wine of the 
fierceness of his wrath. 


16:21 And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of a 
talent: and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was 
exceeding great. 


17:3 So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and | saw a woman sit upon a 
scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns. 


17:9 And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which 
the woman sitteth. 


18:1 And after these things | saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; 
and the earth was lightened with his glory. 


18:11 And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their 
merchandise any more: 


18:23 And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the 
bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the 
great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived. 


19:1 And after these things | heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, Alleluia; 
Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto the Lord our God: 


19:3 And again they said, Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and ever. 


19:7 Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, 
and his wife hath made herself ready. 


19:9 And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of 
the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God. 


19:10 And | fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: | am thy 
fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the 
testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy. 


19:13 And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of 
God. 


20:11 And | saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the 
heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them. 


21:1 And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were 
passed away; and there was no more sea. 


21:11 Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a 
jasper stone, clear as crystal; 


21:13 On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the 
west three gates. 


22:3 And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and 
his servants shall serve him: 


22:7 Behold, | come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book. 


22:9 Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for | am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren 
the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God. 


22:13 | am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. 
22:21 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 


Revelations begins AND ends on a Prime number....emma swan 


