Revelations By The Sixes, Kate. 


6 And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for 
ever and ever. Amen. 


6 But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitans, which | also hate. 
6 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 


6 And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, 
and round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind. 


6 And | beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the 
elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the 
seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth. 


6 And | heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and 
three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine. 


6 Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nepthalim were sealed twelve 
thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand. 


6 And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound. 


6 And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death 
shall flee from them. 


6 And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein 
are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, 
that there should be time no longer: 


6 These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power 
over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will. 


6 And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of God, that they 
should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days. 


6 And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his 
tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven. 


6 And | saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto 
them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, 


6 And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and 
white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles. 


6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; 
for they are worthy. 


6 And | saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of 
Jesus: and when | saw her, | wondered with great admiration. 


6 Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in 
the cup which she hath filled fill to her double. 


6 And | heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as 
the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth. 


6 Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no 
power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years. 


6 And he said unto me, It is done. | am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. | will give 
unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely. 


6 And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy 
prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. 


http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com 


