Revelations by the 8's 
(8 ba'al couer kneer pocket) - in reverse order from 22 to 1, Kate 


8 And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to 
worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things. 


8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and 
sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and 


brimstone: which is the second death. 


8 And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and 
Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea. 


8 And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen 
is the righteousness of saints. 


8 Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be 
utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her. 


8 The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into 
perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book 


of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is. 


8 And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him to scorch 
men with fire. 


8 And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man 
was able to enter into the temple, till the seven plagues of the seven angels were fulfilled. 


8 And there followed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she 
made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication. 


8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of 
life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. 


8 And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven. 


8 And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and 
Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified. 


8 And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go and take the little 
book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. 


8 And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions. 


8 And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the 
sea: and the third part of the sea became blood; 


8 Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve 
thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand. 


8 And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed 
with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and 
with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. 


8 And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the 
Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of 
saints. 


8 And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they were full of eyes within: and 
they rest not day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was, and is, and is 


to come. 


8 I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou 
hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name. 


8 And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and the last, which 
was dead, and is alive; 


I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and 
which is to come, the Almighty. 


http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com 


